it's going nuts, i'm not buying, don't trust
I'd have definitely owned it before the announcement if possible, I like their research. Oral Octreotide..... I think it will be important ewhy it's getting
Took the mediocre gains from and started a position in infrastructure portfolio was too biotech-heavy.
bearish below 4.20
Downgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Buy Hold USD 37 USD 20 Maintains Morgan Stanley Equal-Weight USD 30 USD 22 2021-05-05 Target Lowered by Northland Capital Market Perform USD 30 USD 24 Target Lowered by Cr...
Stifel Downgrades Esperion Therapeutics From Buy to Hold
Stifel Downgrades Esperion Therapeutics To Hold From Buy, Lowers PT To
Analysts have provided the following ratings for Esperion Therapeutics within the last Last 30 Days 1 Month Ago 2 Months Ago 3 Months Ago Bullish 0 0 0 1 Somewhat Bullish 2 0 0 0 Indifferent 3 0 1 1 Somewhat Bearish
Recent technical MACD Bearish Signal Line Cross plus 3 more alerts...
Esperion Stifel Downgrades Buy Hold Lowers Price Target 20
Socit General, Buy to Hold, Lowers PT to from Evercore, Outperform to In-line DZBank, Buy to Hold, PT CIBC, Outperform to Neutral, Raises PT to from Stifel, Buy to Hold, Lowers PT to from
and more stocks to watch..
Stifel analyst Derek Archila downgrades Esperion Therapeutics from Buy to Hold and lowers the price target from to
seems the shorts arent gonna leave this one alone. First-in-class MOA in a large, generic dominated category. Meh... This market prefers the stories that go along with clinical development to the realities of commercial execution in the trenches. Sad but true.
For what do they need Do they have a pipeline with promising drugs in the Only need for Cash is to pay Executives. I sold out long ago around 45 and will never touch it again.
Esperion downgraded to Hold from Buy at Stifel
BPIQ Updates Pipeline Adcom briefing docs Positive ph 3 Financial bought deal Revenue Acquire Settlement
We had a with boo thats turned into a For some reason Im stupid enough to have shares still.
I think news is bad.. but not THAT bad lol
Scalp of the day for me was I made enough money to buy a couple of But, I'd rather throw that money into DOGE coin.
Sold a bunch of puts. Over reaction I feel. Will close out when Im up
I took some serious heat from some passionate investors when I suggested the share price was too high. That was about ago...and Im still not buying.
Sold put for Lets go who else cashed
I'm down bad on
Correct me if Im wrong but has been in a downward trend since last August. For anyone that missed the ascension been 9 months of non stop Opportunity to get in. I believe in the brand but i sold out last year. You can like a brand without liking the stock.
You got your wish today on cant wait to get in this dip. Im gona be patience though, not catching this knife yet
Scaling in some buys. Careful here as it may very well dip lower. First buy today at
Couple of years ago I'd have bought the dip on today... Not
I just ran through my proprietary model reviewed by and it is showing as a bearish trade and trend. Be careful out there, comrades.
Bought puts when I read the news. Received the notification from CNN on my phone 15 mins later. Wait until the people who don't watch their portfolio all day see the news.
Showing up today and saying is a sell is incredibly valuable insight. Not sure what I would have done without this.
caught that downtrend on Happy about
This treadmill recall for is either a death knell for the business or a huge buying opportunity. Im guessing the latter.
Understand I've been a bear after the crazy run. I sold all the shares I ever had in the mid 100s... I am not adding shares, but I just got this text from a friend that loves selling bottoms... that is the sole reason I'll be adding weekly calls today... Picture
this whole thing is silly. 1 death is tragic and sad for sure...but all exercise equipment can be dangerous around unsupervised children or even adults if they are not careful. Pelton will remedy this issue. Keeping an eye on for an entry point in the stock
Hearing Baird adds to Fresh Pick list and recomends to buy the dip more aggressively....
I'm patiently waiting for but and for me. Had but had to cut that one
Ive been waiting for the right entry point on and I may wait a little longer as I think this pullback has momentum. What do you think
I think recovers. But this is enough to make me doubt management. I would have been fine with an immediate recall. It happens. But I really dont like the optics of fighting it then backtracking.
is down today and down for the last month. I think you are the only one who has been buying on the panel. Are you holding or selling or adding Thanks
No way we coulda saw the news coming but we did see a pretty clear reversal. Bought puts last week when it failed to break the 10 day. Could be more downside given how rough earnings season has been for software at-home names but I'm out. Closed at the low.
Ill take that dip see you at within 5 years
The monitor falling off is somewhat troublesome, but it was so few instances reported and likely just wasn't set up right in the first place. If I'm I push that liability to who does all of their final mile deliveries. AKA the home installs.
Bought at Will keep adding should it fall to the point that it's being given away already
The trick is to buy low and sell high. Few understand this.
recalled their treadmill, stock down Their stubbornness may have hurt them as they initially didnt want to recall. Im gonna see if it comes down to It may be a reach, but not out of the question.
Honestly might be a good buy. Hit a nice historical supply zone and momentum is around a previous floor. Analyst ratings aren't really budging but I guess I would wait until tonight to see if there are any updates post market. But yeah, good company otherwise.
I added a small amount to my position this morning. I think this recall was the right decision and will pay off going forward.
Now that we are in the re-opening phase, I'm throwing the following into "people will fight you to the death
Time to wake With a sinking The Netflix of fitness is here possibilities of gains by end of
If I can make the time, I'll create a ebook explaining how I identify hidden price retest levels. It's brutal watching the younger investors giving back all of their gains on stocks that clearly moved too far, too fast and left behind obvious "retests" + vibration levels
Bought puts this morning as soon as recall news broke. Sold for gain near the lows of the day. I did this with a simple strategy I call "pure luck"
I don't usually day trade, but this one worked itself HOLDING
Hi Jay, today you sold 4 positions and opened 4 others at pretty much the same price. Was this to try and shave a little off the average entry price or for another Thanks
Securing profits on since its getting into oversold territory on multiple timeframes and taking the L with still holding and SELL -5 80P avg. 5.83 SELL -5 150C avg. .55 Account now at
beginning to become oversold, but I'm not touching it
Peloton is down because this. Go buy the stock if you been wanting to.
Growing up I thought my parents should trade our beat up Camry for an Audi. It was explained that Audis are death traps due to the sad case involving a child and their shifter design, and their resistance to recall. Bc kids involved, I thought would do a recall.
Rode awhile back from 60 to 130 and exited. Now researching it again. Also looking at For me, both will prob require hours of research. I may be biased with as I am a big fan of their app and instructors.
Im wondering how many tread+ owner will return their products out of all the hustles and bustles instead of just taking off the safety key and putting it away
Bought that Quarterly volume shelf bottom at 83, calls and common, sold a put too. Targeting 87 on this sweep up.
Thinking of selling a portion of my to see where the dust settles by Thinking moving the gains into and Building those into large positions. May sleep on it, but bad
all sold out. Lets go
If I were Id be knocking on door for some collaboration. Nike+peloton brand omg the opportunities with a real executor in Nike are endless. If was smart they would get ahead of that but Foley needs to think much bigger
I agree with your take, Gary. I don't understand people long on this position any longer. They believe that gyms are going to buy up products as if they don't already have equipment but do have a surplus of money to spend on high-end gear. Makes no sense.
Yeah, seems like consumers hate the Tread and Tread+ Short term noise = long term I think so.
downtrend volume dying near support, rsi oversold, bullish divergence. watching calls expect a pop up all on 1 hr
Sold some 75Puts. Not adding shares, yet. TA looks nasty with that break, but I see value here.
looks like despondency hitting long term investors. Time for re-entry on this new BASE forming. Opening only with common stock and expect 1-POP, and when retrace into 2-BUY, thats when Ill add option calls.
Beyond oversold. Writing 70 NAKED put options for income and wont mind being assigned the 200 shares if the sell off continues.
Had a small position in - sold out at 91 ..down Total recall - love the brand but too much uncertainty.
What a gift this sell off will prove to There are literally tens of thousands of treadmill related injuries per year There are on average a few This is nothing but noise in the near term, like its ecoli scare back in 2015 Long adding more
80 might be the bottom Buy
Peloton is down damn near today its on sale you better buy more share
Buying a little here. Absolutely love the product and I'm willing to speculate a little that this drop is way overdone.
Bought some
Posted this at and you couldve chased. is fucked. Unfollow anyone who told you to buy and missed the clear
Im out
Is now a good time to buy
Bought at 82.63 for a trade
Just bought a nice chunk of . Love when the market overreacts to something that isnt such a big deal in the long run.
drives the point home. The story is painted best by the price the stock trades at. Always buy on Fundamental+Technicals and sell on Technicals.
How many Tread's were Now, what of revenue are And, of those sold, what will go through the hassle of sending theirs back for a This will be a one time financial impact. has lost billion in market cap since January bil since CPSC PR in Apr.
I held on to Peloton stocks hoping for a recovery and now I'm questioning that decision. OK it might be time
I have the bike, I dont have a position, this is the dip you dont buy
Just triggered my first long alert. I'm not going to enter it personally but this is just record keeping
Even though I'm a long term bull and current holder, I wonder about mgmt's choice to announce the recall 1 day before earnings - are they hoping to avoid a total collapse on weak earnings or perhaps hoping to separate the good news from the
Not sure why youre even looking at if youre a cash flow disciple. Go buy Berkshire shares
Buy the dip,
shares dip to the mid 80s. The number of treadmills being recalled disappoints. News of the recall totally overshadows the little data mix-up. Pulling the Tread+ is the right thing to do. Most bullish thing Peloton has done in a few weeks, in fact.
Look at and its failures, none of them deterred their enthusiasts. The slate treadmill that is being talked about, all high end GYMS have for a decade or more. I have personally used it. It is easier on the knee and absorbs shock better. Now I am in the
i swear i think everyone is waiting for a bounce to short...
Seeing a reaction to a cost of recall. Painful for shareholders but an overreaction in my view. Im not an expert on treadmills but such safety issues are addressable PIN
going to I think
This is very sad. As a investor, I have greatly reduced my share holdings in the company to a single share. Will hold it for life and pass it to Roman, but Peloton has a long road ahead to right their wrongs.
I do believe learned a valuable lesson and will bounce back. Onward and Upward. I guess it time to buy some stock on this dip.
I guess I didn't mention I bought the Jan 2022 right after I made this post for around It's breaking down this morning in a big way on volume and the top indicates it can trade the same levels we saw last March 2020.
I'm sorry
Watching makes me want to stab my eyes out
Peloton Interactive put volume heavy and directionally bearish
alluded to the death cross yesterday. I guess they were expecting something...sad to see this recall but could be an opportunity who knows.
Bought more My conviction is unwavering
is for sale - or should buy.
BEARISH Waning Momentum in - 5m Change 10m Change 15m Change Find out more
I feel very bad for anyone owning
I think I'm HOLDING on this new news. I think most people will decide it's not a big deal and won't be sending theirs back. Hassel to get it out and back in their house and then time without it if part of workout routine. Plus, the bike is bigger part of sales than tread.
Im not proud of this overnight in
Missed that dip based off the recall
Don't follow me as I have been sucking lately. Sold for loss. Should have stuck w shorting
Absolutely crazy news from Recalling every single treadmill. Company down about of the news. If I was wanting to get in on this company I would think this is your buying opportunity. Just saying
is going to buy a shit ton of this tonight
I feel like if you were waiting to buy this is a spot. Recall was a forgone conclusion stock already hit in anticipation of it. Problem likely already fixed internally. The 'worst' of the Tread+ saga now over. Co reports Thu my guess is blowout. Not financial advice
small profit on these when I sold right at the open this morning. Looking for some other fire sales today; eyeing
hanging by a thread here... Option flow leaning "just a little" bearish
Bought on the dip for earnings play.
Tickers with the most bearish news sentiment for 2021-05-05 as of EST