So much fear out there. Buy it all up.
Dip buy on Stay safe in this choppy market, don’t get caught in the kill candles
If it dips towards Daily 200EMA or halfway as indicated in my last tweet then this will be the last dip you will encounter at these levels. Have patience and let it roll.
Short raid about to give us some great adds. I'm watching and waiting with slapping cash ready.
updated website. And they’re speaking and presenting to the big companies today about their work. This ones just getting started. Pending FDA approval for a treatment too. I think it will follow in the footsteps of very soon
With the shrink in early morning volume, it looks like the flippers are pretty much gone and is becoming more   Any predictions for when we hit  It’s coming soon... next The week  I’ll be patiently 🤙
BBBTTTFFFFDDDD Happy good morning let's go to dolla burning next 2 days
Ok I’m banging the table now. Yeah maybe you missed the first run but when the CEO buys his own stock after it pops off something big is DON’T MISS THE NEXT POP
finally doing something for me. Dip buy at .322 and held Is it possible I might make some money off this one
Yellen Gives Reason to Sell in May   My
Happy good morning let's go to dolla burning next 2 days
Scratching my head this morning, wondering which 2 stocks should I buy this
is one if my only OTC’s where I continue to load every dip. Anyone day trading this is not very savvy when it comes to OTC.
bought more yesterday while on my phone. Saw the 5 min chart, MACD curling and price way below VWAP, everything circled in red. Who knows what will happen But that was a good pickup intraday if you ask me ha
What’s insane to me is......  at SP, would only be 24m market cap...   had a market cap of 60m as of today.   MCAP 330m. 160m 460m 94m 71m  What I’m saying is, is cheap for and is at 6 cents. MCAP would put it at
Watchlist top watch for morning panic dip buy. will see for continuation or panic buy on support. will watch for any new PR to come. watch for short squeeze around Good
Here is the chart overview. Things starting to look good but there is still some work to do since 20 EMA weekly is off. Gaps are covered daily might dip to 200EMA.
Let all buy BPSR and squeeze the MMs. forcing them to cover. Simultaneously pushing the price up so  the company won't have to do any to uplist to the nasdaq. Win win for everyone.
In this market I'm only bullish on these atm
bought few shares here. will incrementally increase as it goes lower.
I just bought so much now that my AVG is now for this day trade, yes it's a risky one, yes I'm a bit scared, yes I have my SL configured, and Yes - LFG.
in 4.98 sold half 5.6 wait till close positive lawsuit resolution l l t kind that spike premkt, touch ground ..then breaks the heart of many shorties after lunch+AH. Seems legit once you read the news slingshot charged don't underestimate this beast
profit in panicked on this one, good dip buy.
this is the last week I invest in anything except too low to get I'm putting everything in .. tired of offerings in AH tired of paper hands and tired of pump dumps I'd rather wait a few years for a few Million with
I would start locking in positions at this time. Market acting weird. I am out of all my positions. etc
Oh, actually, I sold all of the shares too this morning for a quick gain the The market is not stable. I am now investing heavily in Buy low and sell high use your best judgment, be cautious, do your own DD. Good luck trading and best of
One last dip added on got a tight SL could get out easily, but from here I see a big upward trend.
We'll see a surprise soon. We're going to get over Remember what I'm saying.
even meh. All today and averaged up on some swing swing added Todays plays. Im done
I think Im done for the day. Check my buys and everything timestamped. All 1.71 might get rid of 1.65
HOLDDont sell for Sell when gets
5.11 sold Put more into 1.71 Back and forth all day
quick intra chart review was forming a nice wedge, dotted lines are trends within the overall wedge nice pops on the inner trend breaks sell volume came in at the breakdown of the wedge which also occurred at the loss of a daily chart level
dip area.. volume is heavy
ADDED 20000 Shares for Order Triggered after dip. SCALP SPIKE 0 for -1 TEASER 0 AM
I think will take a run at if it can make a significant breakthrough it could be a huge runner today.
again at see how it would ride for today--Will sell later at high, won't hold for the long
premarket with 10,000 shares--Out for some gains--Not bad for just 10 Good Luck trading,
dip watching for another run
Took dip cause believe in it and doesnt. Two bird one stone.
Bought 1.94
full send thanks for the dips, Im gonna run out of Xmas cards this year.
announced last night for dip and rip. Right on time
1K-30Mil gappers Hello, today I am watching these stocks at the top here for a run we will see if we get some chase today. Making sure we are trading smart and disciplined with our own plan process and strategy. Study study
Here are today's What I'm
Yes I believe sold their vouchers for combined strong buy and hold IMO let it happen folks NEXT this is not silly who is incidentally worth has NO NIH backing like plant nonsense insane disconnect folks
I'm interested to see how runs today if it does at all. still will be watching this one
Happy Cinco de LETS PARTY WITH A BUNCH OF Live trading now.
nothing I see to short near the open with high odds. is possible but will wait to see price and volume after 8 AM. Waiting for an extension on the other gappers, ideally or give an opp before for good short. ssr on
Stocks I'm watching going into the market
Premarket stocks trying to make some gains Look up your stock's float on
Fraunhofer case settled for in favor of IBIO. CEO bought 3M share options
- short 52 week high was with negative We just had our first positive earnings now They confirmed bitcoin and ethereum Sold 133k in crypto to pay for expenses Chart says gap fill
to announce ER MAy 12th- may be another revenue up - Buy now , get paid next week PR running
known for parabolic runs. Don't sell for
For people asking why did I buy on dip today again, they dropped AH following to a offering, get your head straight , Yesterday volume on the stock was over 600M... With that being said, LFG.
I'm going to say this now before PM session begins, futures looking perfect - today is going to be very good for both overnight traders and day traders, better join the party we about to print money.
Stock ideas for Im not a financial expert nor a financial professional. Do your own due diligence and trade your plan.
Stacked Ready to Bought 20k shares at
BPIQ Updates Pipeline Adcom briefing docs Positive ph 3 Financial bought deal Revenue Acquire Settlement
- I am still not selling.
low risk add on bio momo same but now its going expect trouble basing over dollar mark merger play bounce play at support levels.. but in too much now 11.75 mental stop dip add on hot name playing for a bounce
I am pounding the table on right The lawsuit is settled. They could not update on real company progress advancements until this was in the rear view. This will be an awesome swing. PRs will follow, and this stock likes to move quickly with a
News; Hot Penny Stocks to 3 to Watch on Cinco De Mayo
I would start locking in positions at this time. Market acting weird. I am out of all my positions. etc
I am still holding this charma
LONG 1k Shares for Will add 29K more when hits after this dip. Type EARLY MILLION
Added the dip
Trending Stocks Chiasma Inc May 05, 2021 am
Great dip buy under
- 4.09 buy signal Res 4.98
One of our holdings up finally bought out in all-stock transaction. Nice move.
Got that dip on I think we see NHOD here
Would like to see a dip bounce here
Thanks for the optimistic outlook, some pennystock tickers ripe for the buy today
I'm thinking we will see a move to the 4.55 high.
that dip buy at the
I dont think is done
1K-30Mil gappers Hello, today I am watching these stocks at the top here for a run we will see if we get some chase today. Making sure we are trading smart and disciplined with our own plan process and strategy. Study study
Yes , that sounds very accurate, I'm in and , I sold my of course for high 2s about 2 weeks ago
- Hot Penny Stocks to 3 to Watch on Cinco De Mayo
NEW ARTICLE Hot Penny Stocks to 3 to Watch on Cinco De Mayo Get all the latest related news here
Hot Penny Stocks to 3 to Watch on Cinco De Mayo
Happy Cinco de LETS PARTY WITH A BUNCH OF Live trading now.
Futures looking good, hoping to keep this May momentum going, red day recovery Gainers for next week ER Follow the volume, add on support, sell on resistance. Just be green today, amount doesnt matter GLTA
nothing I see to short near the open with high odds. is possible but will wait to see price and volume after 8 AM. Waiting for an extension on the other gappers, ideally or give an opp before for good short. ssr on
Top Two Stocks to I am still waiting for the low float runner of Pre
Having this morning with Made some this AM just small size but need practice since I havent traded the In a while,
looks like the winner in acquiring all stock for bucks CHMA has 115 Mill in Cash so half the deal price is CHMA's cash lol bought a few AMYT plus AMYT beat raised
So with acquisition, should you sell the stock or let your shares convert to Valued at over
thats what Im talking Beautiful Q1 results and love the merger with Amryt Pharma
gains in premarket trading. See the latest news.
- short 52 week high was with negative We just had our first positive earnings now They confirmed bitcoin and ethereum Sold 133k in crypto to pay for expenses Chart says gap fill
to announce ER MAy 12th- may be another revenue up - Buy now , get paid next week PR running
and more stocks to watch..
cool buyout for about 50 cents more than what i bought it for puke
been so busy with work all this coin info i missed out on a few good plays. ugh. hopefully this coin pops like they expecting. looking at these, if we can get a dip. if when i buy i will post but these are what im looking at
Bullish Reversal, at Support level E50 , 1 Minute,
some tickers won't hit and that's ok. It's good to get familiar with stocks that have heavy vol such as techs will make a rebound, is a heavy weight. re-adjusted my SPY levels as the morning progressed and entered above 415 as price action confirmed buy signal
I think I can buy a new house.
I don't usually day trade, but this one worked itself HOLDING
Apple Apple shares to buy Long or short it with BTC on
I am with you I am not preturbed about and its valuation. Besides why would the market let Apple purchase its shares below market. here we come.
it, Hold it and lets move
Unusual Options Alert Bullish Call - 1,000 Target 15 OCTOBER 2021 at purchase 05 May 2021 at
the airlines were a rounding error at best and most of his bank were put into Think youre missing the forrest for the trees, is a gain, railroads, insurance and energy are firing on all cylinders. Thats of the value drivers.
I trade for 15-30 mins a day then enjoy the rest of it doing school work or working on other stuff. Here was what I traded today. My trading got so much better when I started putting in less effort lol not sure how that works but I am totally fine with it.
Peloton stock getting baby tossed out with the bath water. Treadmill is only a small fraction of their rev. Their bike is still the money maker. Think here in 75-85 range is a screaming buy. Long term can see it being a takeover candidate by big tech,
I am liking recovery climb today. Even if it's a little slow I'll still be happy with a dollar a day.
I think should hold until tomorrow. Fridays NFP numbers will drive rest of May
Baird names Peloton 'Fresh Pick,' says 'aggressively buy the dip'
Thinking about buying the dip on this head shoulders...